# Project-proposal
Signal &amp; Systems practical #1

For the Python project I would like to create a script that would allow data visualisation of sea-level rise. The idea would be to create a package that could analyse existing data on sea-level rise. The script would read a CSV file. For this project I would have to use libraries like pandas and matplotlib. The idea would be to have a code that first cleans the data by dealing with missing values and would convert some values into standardised units. I might also have to account for the geospatial setting of specific coastal regions such as topography, but that part is a bit blurry to me at this point in time. It might require importing a complementary dataset. When the data is properly imported and sorted, then the script would allow for visualisation of the data by creating various plots. The most simple ones would allow for visualisation of the current date, plotting sea-level rise over time. Another simple plot would be the projected sea-level rise, including different scenarios. I believe that using certain libraries, it might even be possible to create static maps of regions or even (but I am not sure about the difficulty) animated maps. Other interesting maps would be elevation vs sea-level map or elevation profile plots. Depending on the feasibility, I would like to make impact maps which would highlight the flood risk zones. Such a project would be useful in order to assess environmental impact of sea-level rise and to predict potential risk zones. I believe similar projects have already been done so I could also take a look at existing scripts to figure out how to work my plan properly. 

